Update README.md (#4347)
SigmaHQ/sigma: README.md

* Tell us about false positives (issues section)
* Try to provide an improved rule (new filter) via [pull request](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/working-with-files/managing-files/editing-files#editing-files-in-another-users-repository) on that rule

> To help you, we may ask you for a return.
> The PR will be tagged with "Author Input Required", however without a response it will have to be closed after 1 month of inactivity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to enhance or fix some issues with a specific PR we might ask the author for some additional input.
The PR will be tagged with "Author Input Required". If the author of the PR doesn't respond in a timely manner the PR will automatically be closed after 1 month of inactivity.
```

Reviewer 2: Did a sneaky edit of the suggestion.
